
    010  Do you use Google Translate to write articles    你用谷歌翻译写文章么?
    
    What the writer want to express
    The writer's original version of Chinese
    
    甲：你在语言门上写文章吗？
    乙：当然，我想天天写一篇文章，可是我常常没有空儿。
    甲：你用谷歌翻译写文章吗？
    乙：不好意思，我一个人不能自己写中文文章，太难了。
    甲：这样就不是你的文章。
    乙：不好意思，你说得对。
    甲：由于网上的翻译，老师不知道谁写文章吧。
    乙：对，幸运的。
    甲：了解学生写作， 只有一个办法，让他们在课堂里无手机写作。
    乙：不幸的，你又说的对。
    
    My correction
    
    甲：你在lang-8上写文章吗？
    乙：当然，我想每天写一篇文章，可是我常常没有空儿。
    甲：你用谷歌翻译写文章吗？
    乙：说起来挺不好意思, 我自己写不了中文文章，那太难了。
    甲：这样就算不上是你的文章了。
    乙：你说得对。我感觉好尴尬.
    甲：由于经过了网上的翻译，老师不知道你的真实水平了.
    乙：对。
    甲：要了解学生写作， 只有一个办法，那就是让他们在课堂上写作时不借助手机。
    乙：你说的对。
    
    The writer's native language version
    
    A: Do you write articles on Lang-8?
    B: Of course. I want to write articles every day, but I often don’t have time. 
    A: Do you use Google Translate to write articles? 
    B: I’m so embarrassed. I can’t write my articles alone. It’s too difficult. 
    A: But then it is not your article. 
    B: You’re right. I’m so embarrassed.
    A: Due to online translators teachers don’t know who wrote the article. 
    B: Yes, fortunately. 
    A: The only way to know how students write is to have them write in class without their cell phones. 
    B: Unfortunately, you’re right again. 
    
    Comparison of the two languages  中英文对照.
    
    甲：你在lang-8上写文章吗？
    A:  Do you write articles on lang-8?
    乙：当然，我想每天写一篇文章，可是我常常没有空儿。
    B:  Of course, I want to write articles every day, but I often don't have time.
    甲：你用谷歌翻译写文章吗？
    A:  Do you use Google Translate to write articles?
    乙：说起来挺不好意思, 我自己写不了中文文章，那太难了。
    It's embarrassed. I can't write my Chinese articles alone. It's too difficult.
    甲：这样就算不上是你的文章了。
    But then it's not your article.
    乙：你说得对。我感觉好尴尬.
    You're right. I'm so embarrassed.
    甲：由于经过了网上的翻译，老师不知道你的真实水平了.
    Due to the online translators, teachers don't know who wrote the article.
    乙：对。
    Yes, fortunately.
    甲：了解学生写作， 只有一个办法，那就是让他们在课堂上写作时不借助手机。
    The only way to know how students write is to have them write in class without their cell phones.
    乙：你说的对。
    You're right, unfortunately.
    
    笔记                                                                                              Notes
    
    1  在...网站上 用介词on                                                                           on some website.
    在...网站上写文章                                                                                 Do you write articles on lang-8?
    
    2  常常没有空. 没有空用don't have time                                                            I don't have free time.
    
    3  自己做不了...                                                                                  can't do something alone
    自己写不了中文文章                                                                                I can't write my Chinese articles alone.
    
    4  只有一个办法...                                                                                The only way to ... is ...
    了解学生写作水平(文章写得怎么样)只有一个办法,                                                     The only way to know how students write is
    那就是让他们在课堂上写作时不借助手机。                                                            to have them write in class without their cell phones.

    5  在课堂上                                                                                       in class
    
    6  让学生在课堂上写作                                                                             除了用let还可以用have
                                                                                                      have sb to do something = tell / arrange sb to do something 
                                                                                                      = let sb do something
                                                                                                      
                                                                                                      have students write in class
    
    
    
  